### Frontend

The top level of the 560ProjectGroup2/Frontend directory contains a few different files. These files are responsible for configuration and package management for the project. The 560ProjectGroup2/Frontend/src directory contains all of the source code for the frontend of the project as well as the base files for serving a webpage and global stylesheets. The 560ProjectGroup2/Frontend/src/assets contains static assects like favicon.ico. Within 560ProjectGroup2/Frontend/src/app there are several component directories including base-components, group-components, and pages. These components contain visual elements that are loaded onto the page as well as their backing code and styling. There is also a directory for services. Services are dependency injected objects that can be accessed anywhere. Finally, the 560ProjectGroup2/Frontend/src/app directory contains the top-level component for rendering the page and routing to different pages given a URL.

### Backend

The majority of the backend code can be found in the 560ProjectGroup2/Backend/src/main/java/com/TeamTwo/DatabaseProject directory. The top level of this directory contains configuration files for opening endpoints on the server and configuring the database connection. The exceptions directory contains custom exceptions which we ended up phasing out later in the development process. The modules directory is a remenant of out previous modular design. Instead, due to the small size of the project, we decided to move all of these functions within two files, 560ProjectGroup2/Backend/src/main/java/com/TeamTwo/DatabaseProject/modules/user/UserController.java and 560ProjectGroup2/Backend/src/main/java/com/TeamTwo/DatabaseProject/modules/user/UserDatabase.java. The UserController. handles receiving and responding to http requests while the UserDatabase.java is responsible for database calls.
